c02 translation update (#155)
IllusionMods/KoikatsuTranslation: translation/en/RedirectedResources/assets/abdata/adv/scenario/c02/00/6/translation.txt

//
// Dumped for Koikatsu v5.1 (CharaStudio) by KK_TextDump v1.4.6.0
//

> 「このわたくしを連れ回したい気持ちはよくわかりますわ。よろしくてよ！」=“I understand the feeling of wating to drag around one such as me. Very well!”

Reviewer: ```suggestion
「このわたくしを連れ回したい気持ちはよくわかりますわ。よろしくてよ！」=“I understand the urge to drag around one such as me. Very well!”
```
